Time Estimates

Communicate to Clearly Define Interactions and Dependancies with other modules	2 Days
Finish Create from Config()														2 Days
Implement Master Attraction List for Decision Making							1 Day
Implement Vendors																5 Days
Implement Rides																	5 Days
Test and Debug Module															4 Days


Reality
Communication has been sporadic and insufficient there have been no meetings	0 Days?????
	This is the primary reason we are not at the 90% threshold. My module is
	about as central as you can get in this project and I don't have the info-
	-rmation or support to finish it currently.
	
Finish Create From Config()														1 Day wasted
	The idea to load ride and vendor data from an external txt file has been
	shelved untill furhter notice. This feature really shoudl have been impl-
	-mented last after the rest of the module had been completed. It wasn't 
	really possible to do earlier at least in a satisfactory way. This was a
	failure on my part to think through all elements of my Gannt Chart proposed
	in my 60%.
	
Implement Master Attraction List for decision making							1 Days
	This process was not too bad and was more or less completed within 1 day of 
	work time. However, only the basic attraction list has been implemented, due
	to aforementioned lack of communication there is no real decision making as far
	as I am aware, though such activity may be beyond the scope of my module regardless.
	
Implement Vendors																8 Days
	This was much harder than anticipated, mostly due to poor planning on my part.
	My 60% documentation was quite far off the mark as far as what was needed to implement
	this part of the module satisfactorally. There was a lot of frustration and attempts to 
	salvage or reuse code that failed. Before I finally decided to study the decorator pattern
	covered in class closely and do my best to implement a variation of it as a seperate
	batch of classses that give new functionality to the Vendor class.
	
Implement Rides																	3 Days
	While the behaviour is not as complex as could be desired the basic implementation
	was completed faster than expected due to being able to apply large sections of code
	and experience from the struggle to implement the vendors classes.

Documentation																	2.5Days?
	Documentation wasn't really specifically scheduled, the assumption that it would be 
	included as part of the 'Implement X' time table. However, Documentation takes a 
	significant amount of time and is very important in a collaborative project like this 
	one. I really should have budgeted for it specifically in the 60%. I tried to be quite
	verbose and clear with my comments so that other team members could see what was going 
	as easily as possible. 

Test and Debug Module															??/infinty Days
	My code can not run so I have not been able to debug it. The make file on github has
	been hung up on other modules for weeks. And additonally the documentaiton / code skeletons
	provided are not sufficient information for me to finish my module as it relies so heavily 
	on others. Building a dummy main program would be essentially doing other team members 
	work for them (at least a poor duplication). I have already been burned once relying on a
	team member to pull their weight who turned my work in as their own with no modifcations.
	I have been waiting on a vital queue class for the patrons that is at the core of all the 
	attractions and I am beginning to give up hope that I will ever recieve it.That means I will 
	have to do it myself.. again. Regardless I have been able to make my module work
	at this current juncture. Judging by the rubric provided on Bblearn that could be 5% of my total 
	mark for the course, I hope I am mistaken.